what run from a 40 year old man he ain't
running for me is coming to fight okay
i'm here with a cobra Carl Froch at
the weigh-in for the booze mushroom car
tomorrow how's it going call yeah good
good good good tomorrow huge car done so
many may told me a good fights more
towels good fats up-and-coming butta how
you could we put the pods yeah it's a
great card looking forward to watching a
couple of the fires Brooke Gavin very
interesting fire thing brooks gonna
knock him out but Gavin Michael man
cause a few problems early on which is
always interesting Joshua it's john
johnson i like to see Joshua and against
someone who's going to be able to tough
it out for a bit I don't think any
chance of being Josh but you know he's
shown that it can survive in there
Johnson and go the distance like a
liberal Klitschko so the interest in see
our Josh Coates would get into later
rounds even though the other things
building absolutely fine and you want to
mention brought gap in that one and then
you've got sell bit so there's a great
little fighter like a little magician in
the ring and box of tricks he's in
against a tough opponent it was
motivated and you know really believes
you can win so there's three title
fights then a great Kevin Mitchell talk
far as well ya know people to like this
so be fighting whereas arm so be seems
to be always in first gear second gear
and I was enough to push it out and
actually go in a quarter piece do you
see that being a problem room no I think
it'd be all right it does look like his
uh not wait drained it just put on the
scales to me but I've not seen much of
him on the scales but you know it is a
panel looks to grab a bitch it looks
more comfortable in the way and I'm open
so we can maintain it I've got pains I
think it's done it a few times shown me
that is it's got 12 rounds it just looks
a bit drawn and because I'm unboxing
myself and I know what fights a lot i
won a bit drawn yeah so I'm hoping Selby
can do the 12-round the way he wants to
do and I think you'll get the win and
then we are therefore champion which is
fantastic Kevin Mitchell listening is
another fact we were talking about or
not it dis little chance to get a water
definitely yeah
the top five for his guys you know
linaires means the business and he knows
what he's doing he's coming to win the
Kevin Mitchell for me it just showed so
much quality in his last last year for
the last two years is shown that is his
training properly he's doing everything
right is not those living the life which
is never is never used to you know it's
been guilty of not living the life it
shouldn't now he's on the straight and
narrow he's doing everything he should
he's got Tony Simmons in this corner I
know very well because he works my
corner when I box and a lot training
with him and i just think we listen to
tony and it's on the training which i'm
sure he has he's got a chance here
becoming the world champion which is
fantastic sit WBC title yeah fantastical
fantastic towel so I'm hoping it's a
business I think you can yes Amy let's
go to your career huh obviously making
big decisions about what you're going to
do if against a pro or fit in the retire
but arm last week a lot of messages on
social media about possibly you versus
jejeje surprised that you say that if
you were to hang around it's a fight you
fool that we are more than likely happen
in happen what do you see in jejeje or
what do you think or walk people think
about to produce a great fighter very
strong powerful man but it's a middle
way you know kinda is you're going to be
the same force at supermodel the answer
is we don't know don't want to be the
man to find out maybe if i can make
sense because it can be made it to make
sense if i decide to fight again triple
G of being opponent i'll be looking at
it's a big effort I know yeah you'll see
you're always in fighting shape you're
always on always on weight you're always
ready to prepare to go if this part was
if you were to continue career you think
you'd be moving making me for the end of
this year yeah that'll be this year
pop-ups again it's gotta be around the
autumn time yeah september-october
that's one of the rows apart if I don't
fight by there this point this is too
long I've already up too long either way
anyway but I can still make it work with
the trailing and I keep myself fit any
way for any longer than 18 months really
just getting on for too long before five
year mate so don't file by the autumn um
done but I should be making announcement
next week once I made that announcement
people are gonna know I'm doing there
gonna be more more clearer to what
Cobras doing moving forward you know as
it always seems right it stands right
now the students which changes so much
anything and to me I always say that
you're the top student division Andre
Ward 8 for so long is that mean active
boy things are changing and we look at
Division your your your territory now
what do you think what the cookie
division i standing strong yeah Andre
Awards obviously a fantastic talent is
is you got to say is the best super
middleweight if he's a super
middleweight any model if it can do is
last moms at 172 yeah Andre Ward a
fantastic talent a great fighter you
know amateur and professional ways be
you'd be everyone to put in front of him
and it's not like he's not for anyone
he's for Kessler being in stylee for me
and beat me fair and square it's just
I've got a problem with the way in which
he fights another you know I have to be
criticized or not like I'm criticizing
water all the time I'm just criticizing
his style was the most awkward I'll
release night for me I think I've been
in a fire that my got out the ring just
frustrated and that's that's what Ward
boosted our only wins who knows after
whinnies effective many many respects
what Mayweather does no one has probably
a bit more offensive so you got a give
and rewards credit for what it does he's
an unbelievable fighter he knows how to
win
I've said it before and I'll say again
it's boring that's the problem
you know that's why I he's not doing
much but that aside you've got Jim to
gaol new IBF champion giggle George
Groves it might be it might it might be
baidu jacked it was not really strong I
mean think he's just lost to him give a
Bravo adoro all she'd gotten super
middleweight division I mean he got
Abraham and Paul Smith most mystifying
ward accost him what I'm the tomb was
trouble without but you know I
Portsmouth gives him some to think about
us I'm sure well this is determined he's
a strong kid but a middleweight division
super middleweight division it's quite
good you know but it's going to miss me
I'm sure is gonna miss move up blow my
tromping I could find a gale vacuum or
eating more easy by former after round
4-5 together I'll just knock him out
hard for me to get motivated for that or
uncle fat triple G you know they're the
two opponents really that come to the
forefront for me if I'm if I'm thinking
about fighting it and yeah we call Frank
we must be to box talk to me in please
speaking to you